h1. Solidsearch 

h2. A full scalable web search engine combining the power of PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch and Vaadin

h3. "http://www.solidsearch.org":http://www.solidsearch.org

Solidsearch is a scalable web search engine. See features here:

http://www.solidsearch.org/features/

h2. Getting Started

Installation time depends on size of distributed environment. 

First time you will need at least one hour for installation all components on one machine.

Take care and read our installation instructions: http://www.solidsearch.org/installation/

h3. Hardware requirements

Solidsearch is very efficient in dealing with hardware resources.

You need minimum 3 CPU cores, 6 GB RAM and 200 GB HD.

SSDs shows better search performance (just if you are RAM limited) but ordinary HD will also do a good job.

h3. Start crawling / indexing

Login to http://localhost:8080/manager

Go to "Domains" panel and add the domain you would like to analyze. 

Set "Enable indexing" > Crawling will start immediately.

You can see the status of crawling-job on the "Dashboard" panel.

Solidsearch bot uses very safety crawling speed which does not bring any server in trouble. 

It  also decreases crawling speed automatically if site is getting slower.

Due to the safety crawling speed you will need to wait some time until crawling is finished.

Bot needs to complete a whole crawling, before documents are available by searchhead.

Bot take care about robots.txt instructions for GoogleBot.

If you want to stop SolidsearchBot from crawling your site, please enter this to your robots.txt

User-agent: solidsearchbot

Disallow: /

h3. Searching

Only go to http://localhost:8080/searchhead and type in your query.

h1. Initial Author

Steffen Otto

h1. License

<pre>
This software is licensed under the Apache License, version 2.

Copyright 2009-2015 Solidsearch <http://www.solidsearch.org>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
</pre>
